Q1.Explain JDK, JRE and JVM?
byte -> .class
compiler -> inerpreter
JDK = environment to develop and execute program
JRE = environment only run not develop
jvm = responsible to run program line by line that why independent

Q2.Explain public static void main(String args[]) in Java
main method ,execution point

Q3.Why Java is platform independent?

Q4.Why Java is not 100% Object-oriented?

	Q5.What is JIT compiler?
Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler that improves the performance of Java applications
by compiling platform-neutral Java bytecode into native machine code at run time

Q6.What is classloader?
JRE and these ClassLoaders load classes into memory dynamically.

Q7.Is Empty .java file name a valid source file name?
yes

Q8.What are wrapper classes in Java?
Wrapper class:(java self define by using premitive)
String, integer
advantage: wrapper class have its funtions for easiness

Q9.What are constructors in Java?
special type method have same name as class name for intiliazing/creating of object
have not return type


Q10.What is the difference between equals() and == in Java?
== operators for reference comparison (address comparison)
equals() method for content comparison.
== checks if both objects point to the same memory location whereas
 equals() evaluates to the comparison of values in the objects

Q11.What's the purpose of Static methods and static variables?
class level variable
static variable
share with every object of class

util type method = helper method
for creating connection


Q12.What's the purpose of overriding toString method?
return addresses

Q13.Why Strings in Java are called as Immutable?
string is inmutable,as it is pointing same refernce because if it chng it create new object 
immutable can'nt change data

Q14.What are the differences between Heap and Stack Memory in Java?
stack : has referecne , pointing towards object
heap : has object

Q15.How many types of constructors are used in Java?
default , parameterized

Q16.What is the purpose of a default constructor?
used to provide default values to the object like 0, null, etc., depending on the type.

Q17.Does constructor return any value?
current class instqance
yes

Q18.Is constructor inherited?
no
they are not data member of a class. Only variable and methods 


Q19.Can you make a constructor final?
no,
A final method cannot be overridden by any subclasses. 

Q20.Can we overload the constructors?
METHOD/CONSTRUTOR OVERLOADING
name(int id,int age)
name(int id)


Q21.What are the differences between the constructors and methods?
A constructor is used to initialize the state of an object.
behvior of object

Q22.What are the restrictions that are applied to the Java static methods?
only static, cant override

Q23.Why is the main method static?
main is static beacuse compiler run test class without creating it object

Q24.Can we override the static methods?
no,compile time p hota h	

Q25.What is the static block?
Static block is used for initializing the static variables. 
can be used for static initializations of a class
This block gets executed when the class is loaded in the memory.

Q26.Can we execute a program without main() method?
no

Q27.What is the difference between static (class) method and instance method?
static not reuqire object, method requred object

Q28.Can we make constructors static?
No, If we are trying to define a constructor with the static keyword a compile-time error will occur

Q29.Can we make the abstract methods static in Java?
no